index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/idbac/idbacdb-documentation/edit/main/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/idbac/idbacdb-documentation/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

add: homepage and links to quick starts

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Homepage
nav_order: 1
---

## Welcome to the IDBacDB User Guide

IDBacDB is a platform to group, putatively identify, and prioritize bacterial strains using MALDI-TOF MS.

This documentation is intended to clarify the details on how IDBacDB  is intended to be used.

To learn more about how IDBac works, checkout the (Original IDBac App)[https://chasemc.github.io/IDBac/] or read (our primary reference)[https://www.pnas.org/doi/full/10.1073/pnas.1801247115].

If you use IDBac in your own work, please cite us at:

- Clark, C. M.; Costa, M. S.; Sanchez, L. M.; Murphy, B. T. _Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci._, __2018__, _115_, 4981-4986. DOI: (10.1073/pnas.1801247115)[https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1801247115]


### Looking to add to the IDBacDB?

Start right [away here]({{'/quickstart-guide-upload' | relative_url}})!

### Looking to search IDBacDB?
Start right [away here]({{'/quickstart-guide-search' | relative_url}})!

### Feedback

For feedback, questions or comments please [submit issue on our public documentation page!](https://github.com/idbac/idbacdb-documentation/issues/new/choose)!
